you know this guy right of course that's
Ben from the band Breaking Benjamin and
we all know he's an awesome rock star
but did you know Ben is also a true
hardcore gamer that's right and to show
us what he's got he invited us over to
his house these are my prized roses here
which aren't in bloom yet
that's my garden your mother's came dead
man's hand
so we wasted no time and ask Ben what
were some of the recent games he's been
playing the games that I've been playing
most recently our prey hit man of course
elder scrolls oblivion probably one of
the best games ever made elder scrolls
oblivion is one of the hottest Xbox 360
titles on the market right now and Ben
tells us it's like completely living a
digital life there's so many options so
many things once you beat the game
that's really when the game begins
there's millions of quests millions of
different ways to do things
millions of spells I think that in the
future I hope that every single game is
like that another title Ben's been
playing lately is Ghost Recon Advanced
Warfighter and he sums it up in one word
easy it's so easy I always use any kind
of rifle with a zoom arc so that I could
really take things at a distance because
that's the safest way and use
in the night vision how about the
ever-so-popular hitman series and the
recently released hitman blood money for
the 360 it's just a phenomenal game you
can play it however you want to play it
first time I went through I didn't use a
shotgun once I tried to go through it
without using anything but the fiber
wire then I got pretty far but yeah it's
tough thanks Ben all awesome games that
are sure to keep any gamer happy for a
very long time if you'd like to check
out Ben and Breaking Benjamin in person
they are currently on tour check your
local listings for days